Questions to work on...

Describe any accident that you have seen or heard about?
What qualities do you want in your life partner?
Have you ever been admitted to hospital? If so, why?
Have you ever met any celebrities? If so, who and why did you meet them?
Have you ever done something heroic? If so, what?
Have you ever been on TV? If so, why?
Have you ever played a practical joke on anyone? If so, what?
Have you ever been the recipient of a practical joke. If so, what?
Do you want to build a snowman?
Have you ever been famous? If so, what for?
Have you ever been in a newspaper. If so, why?
How long can you balance on one foot with your eyes closed? (Try it!)
Do you have any scars. If so, why?
Can you build a house of cards? (Try it!)
What is your favorite sandwich?
What is the last thing that you took a photo of?
Can you roll your tongue? (Try it!)
Have you ever accidentally injured someone. If so, how?
What is your favorite type of pie?
Do you believe in Aliens. If so, why?
Can you touch your tongue to your nose? (Try it!)
If a tree falls in the forest and there's no one around to hear it does it make a noise?
Do you live by any motto or philosophy? If so, what?
Is there anything you wish would come back into fashion?
What is the furthest you've ever got a paper airplane to fly? (Try it!)
Have you ever heard any outstanding rumors about yourself? If so, what?
If you were comfortably rich would you work hard for more?
Are you allergic to anything? If so, what and what happens?
Tea, coffee, or cocoa? Why?
What do you do to keep fit?
What movie ending really frustrated you? And how would you change it?
What three things do you think of most each day?
If you were a fashion designer, what style of clothing or accessories would you design?
What is your favorite farmyard animal, and why?
You are walking to work, and you're only barely running on time. A dog is injured on the side of the street and needs your help. Your boss told you if you are late one more time you're fired. Do you help the dog?
How fast can you say the alphabet? (Try it!)
Can you recite the alphabet in reverse order? (Try it!)
Have you ever had anything published? If so, what?
Where do you see yourself in 1 months time?
Have you ever done something in front of a large audience? If so, what?
If you had one wish what would it be?
What is something about yourself that you hope will change, but that probably never will?
If you had to create a startup right now, what would it be?
What is the first thing you notice about people?
